One of the many useful features of Thymeleaf is the TemplateResolver, the mechanism by which templates are located in a web application.
At them moment, Thymol has no such facility but takes a much simpler approach.

//Thymol will first attempt to find any referenced template as a l in the same directory as the html page currently being processed (the local directory).

A Thymeleaf template reference takes the form: "template-name::fragment-name".

If the template-name part of the template specification (the part preceding the "::") contains no path separator characters ("/"), then the template reference is deemed to be a local directory reference and will be treated as a path relative to the directory containing the html page currently being processed.

If the template-name contains one or more path separator characters then the template reference is treated as a path relative to a pre-determined root directory known as the "page location path".


head content

     include	substituteby
ie		y*			y
ff		y			y
ch		y			n


There are 2 javascript variables that you can use to control the page location path.

	var thRoot;
	var thPath;
	
You can set these on a page by page basis within script elements:

<script>
	var thRoot = "c:/root/business/projects/thymetest/";
</script>

Or you can put the value in a javascript file and import it wherever it's needed.


The latest version of thymol uses a page location path variable that is used as the base directory for template look-ups.

The value assigned to the page location path variable is determined on a page-by-page basis

variable called thRoot to hold a value

If you don't set the thRoot value for a page, thymol attempts to find a sensible value for you.

This works as follows:

1. The current document's location is determined.
2. The thymol script's location is determined.
3. The longest path common to both current document and thymol script is determined.

The longest common path is used as the value of thRoot.

This procedure works best within java webapp structured directories.
